"I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I coulda been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am, let's face it." - TERRY MALLOY (Marlon Brando) in On the Waterfront (1954)
"So we finish 18 and he's gonna stiff me. And I say, 'Hey, Lama, hey, how about a little something, you know, for the effort, you know.' And he says, 'Oh, uh, there won't be any money, but when you die, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness.' So I got that goin' for me, which is nice." - CARL SPACKLER (Bill Murray) in Caddyshack (1980)
"You hear me talkin', hillbilly boy? I ain't through with you by a damn sight. I'm gonna get Medieval on your ass." - MARCELLUS WALLACE (Ving Rhames) in Pulp Fiction (1994)
"I fart in your general direction. Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries." - FRENCH SOLDIER (John Cleese) in Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1975)
"Wendy?...Darling. Light of my life. I'm not gonna hurt ya. You didn't let me finish my sentence. I said: 'I'm not gonna hurt ya.' I'm just gonna bash your brains in. I'm gonna bash 'em right the f--- in! Ha, ha." - JACK TORRANCE (Jack Nicholson) in The Shining (1980)
"...I have nipples, Greg. Could you milk me?" - JACK BYRNES (Robert De Niro) in Meet the Parents (2000)
"Joey, do you like movies about gladiators?" - CAPTAIN OVEUR (Peter Graves) in Airplane! (1980)
"My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius, Commander of the armies of the North, General of the Felix legions, loyal servant to the true Emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife. And I will have my vengeance, in this life or the next." - MAXIMUS (Russell Crowe) in Gladiator (2000)
"Bring the dog, I love animals. I'm a great cook." - ALEX FORREST (Glenn Close) in Fatal Attraction (1987)
"Empire had the better ending. I mean, Luke gets his hand cut off, finds out Vader's his father, Han gets frozen and taken away by Boba Fett. It ends on such a down note. I mean, that's what life is, a series of down endings. All Jedi had was a bunch of Muppets." - DANTE (Brian O'Halloran) in Clerks (1994)
"You know, I have one simple request. And that is to have sharks with frickin' laser beams attached to their heads! Now evidently, my cycloptic colleague informs me that that can't be done. Can you remind me what I pay you people for? Honestly, throw me a bone here. What do we have?" - DR. EVIL (Mike Myers) in Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery (1997)
"You want me to strap her to the hood?...She'll be fine. It's not as if it's going to rain or something." - CLARK GRISWOLD (Chevy Chase) in National Lampoon's Vacation (1983)
"I wanted to see exotic Vietnam, the jewel of Southeast Asia. I, uh, I wanted to meet interesting and stimulating people of an ancient culture, and kill them." - PRIVATE JOKER (Matthew Modine) in Full Metal Jacket (1987)
"I can't believe I gave my panties to a geek." - SAMANTHA (Molly Ringwald) in Sixteen Candles (1984) 